docs: add etcd cluster upgrade guide to configure-upgrade-etcd (#31833)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/configure-upgrade-etcd.md

stale data. Note that in practice, the restore takes a bit of time.  During the
restoration, critical components will lose leader lock and restart themselves.
{{< /note >}}

## Upgrading etcd clusters

{{< note >}}

> Before you start an upgrade, please back up your Etcd cluster first,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you start an upgrade, please back up your etcd cluster first,
```

> Before you starting an upgrade, Please Backing up your Etcd cluster firstly,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you start an upgrade, please back up your Etcd cluster first,
```

check the [etcd upgrades](https://etcd.io/docs/latest/upgrades/) docs for the version 
you actually intend to upgrade and read through the guide to prepare.

> {{< /note >}}

Reviewer 3: This instruction doesn't deserve a 'note' shortcode, IMHO.

If there is a source of etcd versions that are known to be working, we'd better provide a link to it.

Author: I don't have a good opinion. could you please give some suggestions? cc @sftim

Reviewer 4: I'm happy to have a note shortcode here. Backups are that important.

If the Kubernetes project publishes a list of compatible etcd versions, it may well do but I don't know where that information is collated. SIG API Machinery would own that information, I think.

I'm happy to see this merge as-is and then have a list of compatible etcd versions arrive in a separate PR.

check the [etcd upgrades](https://etcd.io/docs/latest/upgrades/) docs for the version 
you actually intend to upgrade and read through the guide to prepare.
{{< /note >}}

> For more details on etcd upgrade, please refer to the [etcd upgrades](https://etcd.io/docs/latest/upgrades/) documentation.

Reviewer 3: Sorry, I meant replacing line 369-370 rather than adding a new paragraph.

Author: But make current context incoherence. :)

Author: Cool!
